Rahul Ravi
ME, 2005-2009 Batch
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd.
Very nice to rejoice my memories with college and staff. Just best wishes for college for any support please do call me or mail. 


Umesh Kushwaha
CSE, 2010 Batch
CEO , R&D, Rannlab Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
 I always love to being around the students to guide them and teach them new things. SRMS give me all those opportunities and environment to develop my skills as a problem solver.
It was a privilege to come and share my experiences with the students. I really enjoyed the experience to be part of alumni lecture series. Best wishes. I lived one of my best experience by hiring my own juniors from SRMS. 


Shambhavi Agrawal
CS, 2009 Batch 
Worked at TCS as ASE, Currently pursuing PhD in strategic management from IIM, Kozhikode
 It’s a pleasure to be an alumnus of SRMSCET. The seriousness towards academics and an equal enthusiasm towards cultural and sports activities made life at SRMS worth a ride. The technical expertise I gained there has shaped my corporate outlook and the friends I made at SRMS have moulded me as a person. 


Saurabh Mishra
B.Tech. – CS (2001 – 2005 Batch) 
Vice President, Goldman Sachs
 Amazed to see the progress of the college both in terms of quality of infrastructure and quality of students. My best wishes to the college and waiting to see more students shining in their careers and uplifting the Brand “SRMS”.



Anupam Singh 
IT, 2000 Batch 
Global Head – Data Analytics, Interglobe Technologies
 It was a privilege to come and share my experiences with the students in the Alumni Lecture Series. Thanks to all the faculty members with special thanks to Shri Anuj Kumar Sir. Great participation , reallly enjoyed the experience to be part of this initiative. Best wishes.



Faraz Nomani
2012 Batch 
TCS R&D Innovation Lab, IIT Madras Research Park
 It’s a place that gives academic rigor and moral values equal importance while keeping you on your toes all the time. The scholarship program by SRMS Trust is a motivational force for every student to achieve academic excellence. 



Manish Kaushal 
CS, 1996 Batch
Chief Architect/ Technology Head, Intel
 SRMSCET takes all the right measures to offer students practical learning experience. Coupled with engaging classroom sessions with experienced faculty team, it gave me the confidence to go after my dreams as a professional.

